containerlab/frinx_topo_1/README.md, before:

# FRINX Demo Topology

This is a simple topology for testing FRINX topology services.
It consists of MPLS core network, two regions with PE routers and connected CPE routers.

Device types:
- Core, PE, and PTP GM routers: `vrnetlab/vr-sros:22.10.R7`
- CPE routers: `vrnetlab/vr-xrv:6.0.1`
- OLT and CMTS switches: `openvswitch`

Configured protocols:
- LDP
- RSVP
- MPLS
- OSPF
- BGP
- PTP
- SyncE
- LLDP

## Logical topology

<div style="background-color: white; display: inline-block;">
    <img src="assets/demo_lab.svg" width="1024" alt="Demo lab"/>
</div>

## IP addressing

The following table shows management IP addresses and supported management protocols
for each configurable device in the topology:

| Device        | IP address    | CLI (SSH) | NETCONF (SSH) | gNMI  |
|---------------|---------------|-----------|---------------|-------|
| C1            | 172.20.20.11  | 22        | 830           | 57400 | 
| C2            | 172.20.20.12  | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R1_PE1        | 172.20.20.111 | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R1_PE2        | 172.20.20.112 | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R2_PE1        | 172.20.20.121 | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R2_PE2        | 172.20.20.122 | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| DC1_PE1       | 172.20.20.93  | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R1_CPE1       | 172.20.20.202 | 22        | 830           |       |
| R1_CPE2       | 172.20.20.203 | 22        | 830           |       |
| R2_CPE1       | 172.20.20.204 | 22        | 830           |       |
| R2_CPE2       | 172.20.20.205 | 22        | 830           |       |
| PTP_GM        | 172.20.20.9   | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| PTP_GM_BACKUP | 172.20.20.8   | 22        | 830           | 57400 |

## Building required docker images

Scripts for building of the required docker images that are compatible with containerlab are provided
by the https://github.com/hellt/vrnetlab repository.
See https://containerlab.dev/manual/vrnetlab/#compatibility-matrix for details about compatibility between
containerlab and vrnetlab versions.

The last tested versions of vrnetlab and containerlab:
- vrnetlab: 0.18.1
- containerlab: 0.56.0

### vrnetlab/vr-sros:22.10.R7

Requirements:
- sros-vm-22.10.R7.qcow2 image: Ask Nokia support to provide you with the Qemu disk image.
- sros-vm-22.10.R7.qcow2.license file: Ask Nokia support to provide you with the valid license file.

1. Append the date, when licence starts to be valid, to the end of the file into the comment section
   (comment starts with the # character).
   Format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.
   Example: # TEST(TiMOS-[BC]-22.*) 2024-01-01

2. Copy 'sros-vm-22.10.R7.qcow2' and 'sros-vm-22.10.R7.qcow2.license' files to the 'sros' directory
   in the vrnetlab repository.

3. Build the docker image using `make docker-image` command.
   Built docker image should have 'vrnetlab/vr-sros:22.10.R7' tag.

### vrnetlab/vr-xrv:6.0.1

Requirements:

- iosxrv-k9-6.0.1.vmdk image: Download the image from the Cisco website with valid subscription model.
  Image is also provided by the Cisco Modeling Labs (CML).

1. Copy 'iosxrv-k9-6.0.1.vmdk' file to the 'xrv' directory in the vrnetlab repository.
2. Build the docker image using `make docker-image` command. 
   Built docker image should have 'vr-xrv:6.0.1' tag.

## Startup process

To start the topology, run the following commands:

```bash
# create openvswitch bridges
sudo ./openswitch1.sh

# deploy the containerlab topology
sudo containerlab deploy

# wait for the topology to start ...
# configure openvswitch ports
sudo ./openswitch2.sh
```

## Stopping the topology

To stop the topology, run the following command:

```bash
sudo containerlab destroy
```

Commit message:

Migrate Openvswitch devices to Aruba devices (#36)

containerlab/frinx_topo_1/README.md, after:

# FRINX Demo Topology

This is a simple topology for testing FRINX topology services.
It consists of MPLS core network, two regions with PE routers and connected CPE routers.

Device types:
- Core, PE, and PTP GM routers: `vrnetlab/vr-sros:22.10.R7`
- CPE routers: `vrnetlab/vr-xrv:6.0.1`
- OLT and CMTS switches: `vrnetlab/vr-aoscx:10.12`

Configured protocols:
- LDP
- RSVP
- MPLS
- OSPF
- BGP
- PTP
- SyncE
- LLDP

## Logical topology

<div style="background-color: white; display: inline-block;">
    <img src="assets/demo_lab.svg" width="1024" alt="Demo lab"/>
</div>

## IP addressing

The following table shows management IP addresses and supported management protocols
for each configurable device in the topology:

| Device        | IP address    | CLI (SSH) | NETCONF (SSH) | gNMI  |
|---------------|---------------|-----------|---------------|-------|
| C1            | 172.20.20.11  | 22        | 830           | 57400 | 
| C2            | 172.20.20.12  | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R1_PE1        | 172.20.20.111 | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R1_PE2        | 172.20.20.112 | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R2_PE1        | 172.20.20.121 | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R2_PE2        | 172.20.20.122 | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| DC1_PE1       | 172.20.20.93  | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R1_CPE1       | 172.20.20.202 | 22        | 830           |       |
| R1_CPE2       | 172.20.20.203 | 22        | 830           |       |
| R2_CPE1       | 172.20.20.204 | 22        | 830           |       |
| R2_CPE2       | 172.20.20.205 | 22        | 830           |       |
| PTP_GM        | 172.20.20.9   | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| PTP_GM_BACKUP | 172.20.20.8   | 22        | 830           | 57400 |
| R1_OLT        | 172.20.20.206 | 22        |               |       |
| R2_CMTS       | 172.20.20.207 | 22        |               |       |

## Building required docker images

Scripts for building of the required docker images that are compatible with containerlab are provided
by the https://github.com/hellt/vrnetlab repository.
See https://containerlab.dev/manual/vrnetlab/#compatibility-matrix for details about compatibility between
containerlab and vrnetlab versions.

The last tested versions of vrnetlab and containerlab:
- vrnetlab: 0.18.1
- containerlab: 0.56.0

### vrnetlab/vr-sros:22.10.R7

Requirements:
- sros-vm-22.10.R7.qcow2 image: Ask Nokia support to provide you with the Qemu disk image.
- sros-vm-22.10.R7.qcow2.license file: Ask Nokia support to provide you with the valid license file.

1. Append the date, when licence starts to be valid, to the end of the file into the comment section
   (comment starts with the # character).
   Format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.
   Example: # TEST(TiMOS-[BC]-22.*) 2024-01-01

2. Copy 'sros-vm-22.10.R7.qcow2' and 'sros-vm-22.10.R7.qcow2.license' files to the 'sros' directory
   in the vrnetlab repository.

3. Build the docker image using `make docker-image` command.
   Built docker image should have 'vrnetlab/vr-sros:22.10.R7' tag.

### vrnetlab/vr-xrv:6.0.1

Requirements:

- iosxrv-k9-6.0.1.vmdk image: Download the image from the Cisco website with valid subscription model.
  Image is also provided by the Cisco Modeling Labs (CML).

1. Copy 'iosxrv-k9-6.0.1.vmdk' file to the 'xrv' directory in the vrnetlab repository.
2. Build the docker image using `make docker-image` command. 
   Built docker image should have 'vrnetlab/vr-xrv:6.0.1' tag.

### vrnetlab/vr-aoscx:10.12

Requirements:

- arubaoscx-disk-image-genericx86-p4-10.12.vmdk image: Download the image from the Aruba support website.

1. Copy 'arubaoscx-disk-image-genericx86-p4-10.12.vmdk' file to the 'aoscx' directory in the vrnetlab repository.
2. Build the docker image using `make docker-image` command. 
   Built docker image should have 'vrnetlab/vr-aoscx:10.12' tag.

## Startup process

To start the topology, run the following command:

```bash
sudo containerlab deploy
```

## Stopping the topology

To stop the topology, run the following command:

```bash
sudo containerlab destroy
```
